I've waited for whom testing one two
three
we're on we're here to investigate a
patient that killed three innocent
teenagers on a Halloween in 1978 he was
shot by his own psychiatrist and taken
into custody that night and spent the
last 40 years in captivity hello Michael
I have something you might like to see
everyone in my family like turns into a
nutcase this time of year yeah I mean
your grandmother is Laurie Strode she
was almost a murdered wasn't it her
brother who murdered all those
babysitters
no it was not her brother that's the
main if people made up do you know that
I pray every night that he would escape
hey Belle did you do that for
so I can kill him the bus crashed
what bus crash Michael escaped
excuse me somebody's in here he's waited
for this night he's waited for me
I've waited for whom
you don't believe in the boogeyman
my god
you should can close the closet door
[Music]